Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to fix this problem. Okay, first
of all I download this
gate build guide assets but we have this
problem when I click play
one as
there is a collision in this assets.
Okay, how to fix this problem? to fix
this problem. Okay, first of all, you
have to select this assets
edit fless gate
should
after that we have to search for
collision on or can get it from this.
Okay. Cert collision.
Um and the collision presence we have
block all
and this one collision complexity
use complex collision as simple. After
that
exale and let's disrupt
Okay. And the problem is fixed. Okay.
Thank you guys for watching. Subscribe
for the channel for more tutorials like
this.